Update documentation with PSP removal (#3360)
rancher/rke2: docs/security/pod_security_standards.md

---
title: Default Pod Security Standards
---
This document describes how RKE2 configures `PodSecurityStandards` and `NetworkPolicies` in order to be secure-by-default while also providing operators with maximum configuration flexibility.

> !!! NOTE: This document applies to RKE2 versions equal to and after v1.25.0+rke2r1, if you want information for versions below v1.25.0+rke2r1 please refer to the [Default Policies Documentation](policies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! NOTE: This document applies to RKE2 version 1.25 and higher, which uses Pod Security Standards. For information on Pod Security Policies present in prior releases, please refer to the [Default Policies Documentation](policies.md).
```

#### Pod Security Standards

> Starting from Kubernetes version v1.25.0, PSPs are totally removed from Kubernetes, and replaced by Pod Security Admission. A default Pod SeRKE2 can be ran with or without the `profile: cis-1.23` configuration parameter. This will cause it to apply different security standards upon startup.curity Admission config file will be added to the cluster upon startup as follows:

Reviewer: It looks like something got pasted in the middle of an existing sentence here?
